Exploration RPG Puzzle Game

Highly derivative of Pokemon

Shapes "Pokemon" named Shep

Run around obtaining various Shep of varying shapes/sizes

Portals/Teleporters/Caverns/Walls
Engravings - Combination of multiple shapes "Silhouette"
Fill in the engraving in order to unlock a new area


Try and make the shapes a bit flexible




Pokemon Heartgold/Soulsilver camera system
HamsterGame::Apply3DTransform (virtual function overwritten from a PGE derived class)


Game Rendering Engine (2 Days)
	Night/Day Cycle
Tiled Setup, Get Graphics, Movement, Collisions, Doors (1 Day)
Shep (3/4 Core Types, 16 distinct shapes), Items (1 Day)
	Catching
	Stats
	Shep Encyclopedia (Maybe)

Battle Mechanics, Item Mechanics (1 Day)
Maps (4 Locations, 2 Towns) (1 Day)
	Encounter Zones
Puzzle Aspect (Fitting shapes into engravings) (1 Day)
Story, Dialog System, Shape Evolutions (1 Day)
Playtesting / Tweaks / Bugfixes
	Multiple Puzzle Variations


Building 1: 8x6

Battle Mechanics:
Moves have a Color. When the Shep uses a move, their border shifts
into the color of the move they just used.

If a move hits an opponent of matching color, the damage is doubled.

Each move has a "Recharge time". Using the move before the recharge time
has finished makes it deal normal damage (%-based on full charge). 
A move that is fully recharged deals 200% damage. Moves start with 1 charge.

Moves that do apply status effects only work when fully charged.


Capturing Mechanics:
The lower the health of the Shep being attacked, the higher the chance of capture.
From 5% at full health to 95% at lowest health.

For legendaries the capturing rate is halved.

For shinies the capturing rate is halved again.

Chance of a legendary encounter is 1% (1/100)
Each area has one legendary
Chance of a shiny encounter is 0.5% (1/200)



Hint Man
Everytime the day/night cycle shifts (every 6 minutes) the hint man will move
to one of a few predetermined spawn locations. If the player finds them they can
ask for a hint to solving the puzzle (after first encountering it).

First hint is free
Second hint costs 100 geometry stars (GS)
Every hint thereafter costs 200 GS

Each time you are shown a picture of the puzzle with one more slot solved.
When you go to solve it a faint overlay with the hint so far is shown.

Each shape defeated awards you with some GS. Some NPCs will ask if you want to trade Sheps.
Once traded, you are stuck with it, but may make it easier to unlock what you need.

Each locked area is comprised of multiple Shep:
First Area: 2 Shep
Second Area: 3 Shep (2 from second area, 1 from first)
Third Area: 4 Shep (3 from third area, 1 from second/first)
Final Area: 6 Shep (4 from final area, 1 from third, 1 from second/first)

In the final area, you will face legendary shep (6 in a row) at really high levels.
Take them out or capture them and proceed to the higher tiers.



Damage Formula:
PWR = Move Base Power
ATK = Shep Attack
MAX(PWR+PWR*(ATK*0.01)-PWR*(DEF*0.01),1)

Select a character:


Welcome! You are about to begin a great journey of your own.

This land is inhabited by creatures called Shep! Where they come from and their
mysteries have yet to be discovered. Why are they here? 

Speaking of, what is your name?

Your adventure is about to unfold, come by my lab when you are ready! I will see you there.


Start in house, go downstairs. Receive a Shapedia. As you collect species you can review them.

Start Menu has:
Shapedia
(Name) - Your profile shows Ruin Shard Count, Geometry Star count, play time, and number of Shep caught.
Save
Options - UI color scheme, text speed, sound effect volume, music volume, controller scheme (a/b switch) Or L button mode

